.TH TR064TOOL 1 "Nov 1, 2014"

.SH NAME
tr064tool - Used to discover and execute service actions for CPE devices 

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B tr064tool\fP [ OPTIONS ] \fB<SERVICE\fP:\fBACTION>\fP \fB<PARAMn\fP:\fBVALUEn>\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B tr064tool\fR lets you discover CPE devices in your local network, prints out
all available services for the device and executes service actions. Action
execution requires user authentication at the root device. The root device 
discovery is based on UPnP. 

.PP 
CPE is short Customer Premises Equipment and is the routing device localed at a 
customer premises for DSL connections.

.PP
The CPE device can also just be imported instead of discovered every time. See
options for import details.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, --help
Prints a help message.
.TP
\-l, --list
List all services available for the CPE RootDevice (either imported or discovered).
.TP
\---no-auth
If specified, the action will be executed without user authentication; -u and
-p will be ignored.
.TP
\-L, --location
Enforce a root device location based on the tr064desc.xml location, e.g.
http://192.168.1.1:49000/tr64desc.xml
.TP
\---http-username \fIhttp-username\fP
Specifies a username which shall be used in case HTTP authentication is required.
.TP
\---http-password \fIhttp-password\fP
Specifies the password in combination with username which shall be used in 
case HTTP authentication is required.
.TP
\-i, --import \fIjson|xml file\fP
Imports a CPE root device description based on xml or json (see 
\fBtr064export(1)\fP for exporting discovered root devices).
.TP
\-u, --user \fIusername\fP
Specifies a user name which is used for executing service actions, default
\fBadmin\fP.
.TP
\-p, --password \fIpassword\fP
Specifies a password which is used for executing service actions, default 
\fBgurkensalat\fP.
.TP
\-v, --verbose 
Enables verbose output of the execution. Note, if more traces are required, 
consider debug compilation. In combination with \fBlist\fP option, all
action arguments will be printed. 

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 
.B tr064tool -v --list 
List all available Services and Actions (-v prints action arguments) for a 
discovered root device.
.TP
.B tr064tool -i fritzdesc_out.json -pfoo WANIPConnection:X_GetDNSServers
Executes an action for an imported root device from \fIfritzdesc_out.json\fP,
using default username (admin) and password \fI"foo"\fP. 
Service is \fIWANIPConnection\fP and action \fIX_GetDNSServers\fP. 
Note that X_GetDNSServers does not require any arguments. 

.TP 
.B tr064tool -L http://192.168.1.1:49000/tr64desc.xml
Use cpe specified by location string. 

.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
Project homepage:
.I https://github.com/awidegreen/tr064 
.TP
TR-064 "LAN-Side DSL CPE Configuration"
.I http://www.broadband-forum.org/technical/download/TR-064.pdf
.TP
AVM's manual First Steps with TR-064

.SH AUTHORS
Armin Widegreen <armin.widegreen@gmail.com>

